[BUG] Guide: Update the outdated  Link #915 (#917)
raspibolt/raspibolt: static-channel-backup.md

## Option 2: Remote backup preparations

> Follow this section if you want a remote backup. If you already set up a local backup, and don't want a remote backup, skip to the [next section](https://raspibolt.org/static-channel-backup.html#option-2-remote-backup-preparations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow this section if you want a remote backup. If you already set up a local backup, and don't want a remote backup, skip to the [next section](https://raspibolt.org/static-channel-backup.html#test-1).
```

The link should actually point to the next section whis is "Test".

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/raspibolt/raspibolt/issues/915

Author: Hey @VajraOfIndra I have made the requested changes. Review that.

Reviewer: LGTM! let's go to master :)
